I came back home from usually and I come
home see what they just gonna do about
together if they wasn't gonna do that in
the bad mother I didn't feel like
staying in Alabama no mom and a friend
of mine this is doing and this is
different so you left from Alabama Sarah
yeah going to Utah Nebraska Nebraska
I've came added you John this guy I read
him all the way back here to eat
that's long trip your sequence the moped
makes
next month
right I'll give you another character
buddy you got finished in lips in your
mouth
well we've got a motor yet yo that kind
of motor you got in yours will be girls
happen real good engines I had no
problem just let something have come on
wait a minute thank you yeah brush we
definitely appreciate you stopping and
talking to us I know
so she down a little bit you'll make it
I have to stop with routine with